OK
worked in brasília thursday 19 hours november 28 being that today i
am today is the wedding anniversary day and a 12 year old person
wedding anniversary soon there will be a party here at dawn this will be
of use just come on they think my side of us
pounds interpreter johnson president of embratur company
Brazilian tourism company that has the trophy here at the world cup where
we live a great world cup tourism question of bringing you here
is an unprecedented title in the 40 years of wtm that the largest tourism fair in the world and the
Brazil was considered a country with a better business environment for the
tourism now i think that brazil really has the most attraction for the
tourism and inexplicably is a country that receives the same way that the tower
eiffel it receives less people than the elevator no than the eiffel tower of the
that the eiffel tower lift of everything and international we don't just receive in
6 million international tourists a year lacking management
We need to change tourism in Brazil, first we need to change
the focus of publicizing brazil the focus of publicizing brazil has always been focused
in the caipirinha in the thong and the experience in favelas it didn’t work
not that we don't have that because if it had worked out we would have
continued promoting but we have a vocation for ecotourism for resources
natural for contemplation diving for sport fishing rural tourism
gastronomic tourism so brazil has everything you wanted one thing is not a
simple thing i am raised in the ribeira valley already had assets there and saw the river
iguape stream that came was a good person if someone didn’t like the suggestion
the guy has money invested i'll guess that a million reais i don't know
which is for a lot of people is a lot of money for others not so much but it made tourism
waste that is worth of the riverside none of the waste that will do everything and
jet ski but of registration to seven bars eldorado paulista can and descend until the
iguatu cananéia way pass from eldorado paulista
where my city there you will see the affluent taquaril neighborhood
destroying itapiúna near the water favela ahead and poranga is one thing
phenomenal is not nominal phenomenal I have a cave the devil is
unforgettable is a jet ski tour the jec team with which the museum side we have
three four weeks i went down there taquari to see how
the Indians of Pará are now alone and that Paraguay Álvaro Ribeiro
for the love of god it’s no use that it willn’t have anything for you, it’s nothing
marked is not right it comes from the cup here in brazil it will not work there but
it is a phenomenal thing at that time that the river below bears the thing more clearly
phenomenal then a whole suggestion whoever wants
open a tourism company and maybe not even a million reais a month
you can even get scratched and the police will go down because the road is the
br was duplicated duplicated you go until you can stop registration
you can record deviate to seven bars is missing logically going to have to
to have a structure that they want is said around making structure a place for the
inn like that trip she could take for example leave early six
hours upstream and you can return six hours or else drive home close to
poranga games already left water and comes to the golden for seven bars or for
region is something that will make a profit and has a lot of fish different from my time
all with 64 against the woman that I fished a lot of region
basically it is the cascudo is called align at the time there
today there is practically no more there was a little bass now has
several fish what do you think I tried golden even going golden on jet ski
joão doll wide wide saw stream below power letting the stream take
until the boat playing fishing straw hat on his head a whole thing a
suggestion if I had not been president have already retired right who
you know I invested in that in the region say they understand it has a future making an example
I don't know over there we have dozens of bodies and do the
another jet ski for those who like it, you know, and have no difficulty with the project that
there is no difficulty ok the course is a quick thing already
we got it right with the navy commander it was red tape a lot was
very well organized recently, at the time of many other colleagues
carried out and you can make a tremendous jec tourism in the region in one thing
fantastic so it was an example vale do ribeira
we were still a businessman founded next year more boats having jesus we
we are forecast to sink in this first year of the dda in these four years of our
government around 1,200 artificial shipwreck
we already have a lot of crowded spots in Brazil, we are not even going to transform Brazil
the best country in the world for diving because we have the vocation for it
clear and clean hot water we don't have a hurricane we don't have a tidal wave no
we have earthquake we have a more conducive environment in the world for tourism
contemplation and for nautical tourism and I mean you today a message
here the president of bh that corresponds to 40 thousand hotels human is tacked
cathels that you can already tell if the government a professional president
ended today it will not end but it was the president who did the most in the history of
Brazilian tourism he is from where I use landfill presidency the land of
my shoulders because we face visas for tourists from various countries
then people said ah but it will not sit for china then the result
we received here is here today I just received did fifth largest agency
travel from china just received brazil just received as biggest
potential destination for this year and 1 year coming from china as well as the kids there
in Brazil it likes to do things related to the internet it likes to
entrepreneurship is already in place here the digital student ID
if you are going to pay 30 35 it is to take the card
I'm sure that the people of the union of the union of the socialist youth js
everyone there that these people who stay there doing 15 20 years of college
right and give it to me the academic center is breaking with this I will definitely
to have more work, right, I’m not going to raise another 100 million
year as well but students can now from now withdraw only
but he is a zero cost digital student and now obviously this was the result of a
provisional measure programmed by the Abraão Ministry of Education
vanthauze our beginning there now this measure already has to be
approved I hope that wanting to beat the deadline without being voted on now has pressure
of the pc of the b inside the chamber pressure of the u now expires and then return to do the
student ID being provided by these entities that charge money i
I don’t know how many approximately 100 million a year with these people invoice
I'm going to take my sister was to take by taking a make life easier for the student who is
brought quite expensive you have to pay a lot of money paid from the republic lunch and
tetra and let's take this expense out is in the world of parliaments
parliamentarians and more basically depends on the shirt that used a car that is
returned to playing with them during digital is a reality the mystery of da
education early tomorrow and we boarded here to
three hearts we go there participates in the graduation of
sergeant these things come out of the guns three hearts the land of the main skin
reason for pride and satisfaction is the second time they attend this school
obviously the first time with the president the then the staff and
decorations if god wants we will be tomorrow and this is a cause for celebration for
us is a reason for satisfaction also the kids are getting information there sergeant
of our traditional prayers and on Saturday we’re going out want military academy from
black needles is the event the delivery of swords to the young aspirants of the
Brazilian army I received mine in 1987 so it's 42 years ago
it is always good to remember and you will also need to give strength to these kids that the
water are spread all over Brazil carrying that message of optimism from
patriotism for the four corners of our country here so tomorrow 3 hearts
saturday saturday resende had this week today at the inauguration of the last
beautiful hill turbine is the fourth death is hydroelectric in the world is the first 100%
Brazilian and is a run-of-river power plant whether water is not dammed in my
opinion here I don't want to criticize this work started back there
we dropped the last turbine back there it didn't start to be thought of in 1970 the
hydroelectric beautiful monte pa but it is practically half six
months a year stopped because at the time that does not play
so in the rainy season only that it works and that in operation it
supplies the equivalent of 7% of the total energy consumed in brazil the beautiful work
alright but could be better used but anyway
congratulations to everyone who participated in this fantastic piece of engineering
Brazilian one more from the most humble worker to the most graduated engineer
totally Brazilian technology this makes us proud and very present
congratulations to the governor of pará is the barbalha with the wife of the launch and inauguration
of this last turbine the first lady was also present the party started
before this today the wedding I am this corroborates that Brazil is a
country that has the largest amount of clean energy in the world of over 80% of
our energy matrix does not come from carbon and personal curiosity only
thing i won't go into detail question is too long
it seems that we are arriving at the still makes transmission of electricity without
physical means who wants is the manufacturer's personnel
cable will find it bad so this is already beginning to be talked about in the world it seems that
technology already exists a partnership of 26 countries
these two countries are going to know we’ve already visited and even more than one
okay then the transmission of
energy without physical means is now technology is the world moving towards
ahead but it's something that just burned you
remember there when it was in august august in august the first one started to me
attack the issue is overturning in the amazon in photography superposts efe
a mess in the store I had left for me
then the fires came, accusing me of everything and
this collusion with the fires I said I suspected beckham accidents
suspected NGOs ready the press three four days scared my son's
Brazil and responsibility I don't even want to say the name here to help
of the controversy the journalist in the building after it was without exercising the house well
fell I see it fell yesterday has been falling also because they got evidence they got it
achievements including selling material from a photographer to a very famous NGO
in the world and looked at the field that are meeting people who paid for the year
paid 500 thousand dollars a photograph made a burnt
by the NGO hired is paid 70 million sunburned photography in addition to the
un what does it mean that it’s easier to touch fire in the bush is taking a photo filming
the band to which the un discloses that was a campaign against brazil already
got in touch with leonardo de caprio in toledo wherever he donates 500 thousand dollars
square where a part was the people who were burning fire are always there and here
worse may be collaborating there with the burning in the amazon you are not the fine is
a proof is sure that with the internal and external media is propagate stories
ghost liars harming brazil is true it's a war and name this one
question is but do that president because he knows the potential that we
we don't expect that the logically the world is seeing what I'm talking about here
but not the money for a single cable the question of the agenda today not to take for
fighting to preserve the environment is not for home ownership it is money at home
close to the rotor circling photo of the four goalkeepers
I saw it a little while ago it looks like it’s true I’m sure I’m home and seeing
the luxury and gilson manual and make any envy end there when I come
caviar is a certain idea of ​​life like burning fire
in amazon great move touches fire in amazon discloses image my money
out of nowhere there from the cable where the kaká ball zone fell
for the love of god it is and the worst was the president has a french president who
I had none to luxury is a picture of her starving in 1989 to disclose
on an instagram baby by the photographer who had died in 2003 from a center in
India and didn’t prove it during the time with me we’re waiting for the president here
of this great European country to say something about the cover and these NGOs there
comes now in December as you end up at the party in pernambuco you wouldn't hit a
show of reef this couple started to pay the 13th of the Bolsa Família in
pernambuco more 200 million will come out will be injected into the economy of the state of
pernambuco by the federal government around 210 thousand and us 10 million is injected into
economy of pernambuco in dance of the Bolsa Família
folks that money is tax money and a hard-earned one is we work to
fight fraud so you don't have to have new food resources
we did this job and it is an effort by the federal government not having promised
last year’s campaign and we’ve got the resources to pay the
13th from the Bolsa Família fighting fraud so yeah I can't congratulate you
congratulations the federal government already in pernambuco the 13th of the family grant not
paid by the federal government and think it was worth jumping in well I will not go into
detail and then come in there will be a party today 12 years of marriage it seems that
it was yesterday you got married yesterday 8 remains the same
thing of the years or not for better and better speech
then don't kiss bye the family is priceless really a
well-structured family you can surrender to them is the life of
people I take complain about didn’t know it was going to be difficult the bar is very heavy
problems that don't end anymore, right? What is hard in the collection of ingratitude for
part of some people who after they arrived after the elections to assume a
public office turned against us thinking only about personal issues
sorry we are but it's page turned let's go ahead
this week we launched a new alliance party for brazil we are waiting
yesterday the tse the minister asked for a view passed to next week intention
Wednesday will be judged if we can get a signature, right?
electronics is the states that gave up biometrics is working
if that is what you understand it is possible i think less than a month in order to
from which we will be able to run for the municipal elections of the year
that comes so we are waiting for that until the
At the moment, there is no one designated to speak with a loud voice to assume the role of
respective is if someone is talking this is rushing there okay
who wants to make a party focused on the quality of what so much quantity can
I never had a municipal directory in 30 years of parliamentary life.
municipal directory never had a zone within the municipality of rio de janeiro
that I was councilor some even want in good faith others
want to take over the state executive to negotiate the caption and we don't want to
this right we don't want a party that does a
that 3 of the population are screened for non-candidate candidates
beat if only a friendly person publicly sympathy helps and a lot in
brand campaign a new party we that once born
there will be no television time but we want quality to indicate person x
to be a candidate for a reef we know that it can handle the
message and that person will have to take responsibility
forming a nominate for the councilor is not who arrives at the ram
the mandate one had logical makes manaus the previous life that person sometimes if
it fits if I have conditions really a blessing of the councilman in relation to the
event to launch not be conservative are reef she come back here a 4949
rounding 50 can launch I think half plus 50 percent and seventy
candidates only 70 giving our 15 and 20 ready if we had done our dna and
all right is what concentrates the most I will have a chance to make more councilors
but the politics that discuss luck we have militancy but the most active today
from all over latin america and i have no doubt that if it can't be via
We will surprise you with our militancy on the roads that are
established today by law because our activism will not only run
ago but it will also demand speed in the verification of signatures
this is very important for the first time after the election we have the same
climate before the election new with food anger our miss brazil in brazil
200 numbers of the economy are there, thought complaining about the price of meat, the reason
our travels around the world went up in the world started to buy more of us ok
missing starts selling more even has to vote on the shelf unfortunately that
happens but I talked today with minister tereza cristina
three four months returns to normal because the producer
the rancher is looking for a way to increase his productivity to try
to meet external and internal demand is I can't now is wanting to price
of frozen meat I can leave I will not do
our policy is to open market logically rural producers are the ones
ranchers are not liking what is happening
also in argentina in uruguay cane producer is also happening
even the same phenomenon is increasing the price I also think
is learning to eat meat because china china has also evolved in
collection of the economy are much more geared towards capitalism the economy
capitalist the communist regime but the economy is capitalist o china lost
half of your herd of pigs focus on swine flu
and there the population consumes 1 billion and 300 million inhabitants a third of
population today half of the already urban population and a third of the
population practically middle class the next to the middle class the consumption there
now the price of meat china finds there making the transformation of the currency
of that is much more expensive than here now we cannot take measures here that
did not work in the place of the world oblige price table when exporting
less to supply the internal market is free competition that will soon return
to normal ok so I'm sorry the sister even because the
price of meat o the cattle rancher he lost money in the last 15 years 16 nor
a lot of money because of the refrigerators' cartel then understood the
livestock activity she was flattened at the loss
so the demand with in Brazil in the last times of one of a diminished
so this is one of the reasons that this is happening but with 11 now
with the style will return to recover the personal Brazilian herd one o
congratulates the Brazilian army also our minister jucá se de freitas
captain of the army for the completion of the paving of br 163 a final point in
a space of approximately r 50 kilometers where every year exactly in the
time to sell production there in the Midwest this highway had traffic congestion
150 square kilometers the new highway all practically paralyzed with lines
on behalf of trucks that lived in a morass of the van it took days to win
the space 59 tacio in another seek the support of the army
engineering battalions were present in this great
mission and is completing a photon now paint something in the template on
curb and completed just congratulations to the Brazilian army congratulations to
register earthquakes and in particular those of members of the engineering battalion of
construction that participated in this work the news for you we already talked to
economy we talked to the defense a soldier
engaged as the loot a second lieutenant of the second Brazilian army right
an army soldier and worked from second to second world war is of
$ 25 so we are fighting all right depends
that will depend on parliament if it is understood that it is fair I do not want to pass
for 50 reais a soldier's daily so in my opinion second tarciso
in the works all over brazil approximately one thousand soldiers are on this front of
alonso so help is 50 a day instead of 25 that i feel very little
I think 50 already helps our battalion soldiers
engineering is construction congratulations Brazilian br 163 for
the forecast is completed in December and in January, right
together with tarciso inaugurated we will choose a point there to stop
logically one of the points is the construction site of the engineering battle after
other 11 restaurant to talk to the population is to reap a feeling of what
that they found this new work and and come back here then br-163 thanks to god
there is end point now taison also the phone pro
president luis lacalle just elected today because of the present sin
hanging guard today is okay it was quite a conversation
healthy friend he's a right-wing conservative has a very similar program
with ours his possession is march 1st sunday
see I confirmed my presence I invited or paying Brazil also said that
should be in Brazil so maybe in january february
we had already started aligning what we can do to implement more
still trade relations between our country so welcome to fall and good luck
congratulations to the people of uruguay for these clean democratic elections that
choose the lackey as president of the republic
there well on the 4th and 5th will be in bento gonçalves mercosul meeting and on the 5th
another type of personal matter of the nautical is not only regulated it was champion now the
third division is the champion now i can say i will move on to
second I have already passed you will face who in the second division the
fluminense the cruise I think I will face 10 to 12 40%
I will not hope for anyone to fall but in 2009 the door and palm trees and fluminense in the
fla in the river i don't know if in maracanã the arrangement will cheer for those who live for
through the press already the tricolor water there some people and all
the people then invented gonçalves and as soon as you are the last day that the most
important part of Mercosur on the 4th will practically have nothing
our idea is we already warned the flamengo beach i intend the flamengo and
avaí maracanã logically it is right that from here to the
Flemish’s last game is every day it’s going to be every game day because on
party that after all in less than 24 hours two important titles right
champion of the liberadores championship and i twisted the one from brazil it was taking a
little more than 5 hope palm trees is right but congratulations to the Flemish is the
team behaved better during the special after 1 hour after the start of the
second round and congratulations on this one for this achievement is one more thing
also in manaus the week was received by pastor samuel Câmara that the
present to the convention of the assembly of god very fine his church a
ceremony in a wonderful service I thank the words is addressed to my
person is asking for prayers for brazil for example in order to go out and talk and also
the break is always talked about, right? I added that the
Brazil is a secular country that is a secular country and respects all religions is
more the president the question so congratulations and thank you very much for
reception pastor samuel Câmara and does not mean that because the country is secular
they are anti christian is not the last issue here
george george ensured from the law of order that this is a controversy
with the press when a state as usual has already happened several times the genre
respective the governor of the river was no longer in conditions of guarantee
and security for its population he requests the public opinion
this happened a lot in the past and the public plenary understood the need
of one of its own personnel and material supply to combat violence for
restore order the government via decree signed by georio the forces
armed forces were at the forefront of this of this of this security mission in the
rio de janeiro now that captain december happened
know what a captain colonel corporal and a sergeant and a soldier goes through this
moment the great concern of again with life in the first place
but there’s one thing that’s as important as life is freedom
that is right, that is, if a governor and a public building understand that they have to
send a force there right armed forces in there security personnel
public many federal policemen over there in the river
state aggregates military police federal police sometimes highway police
federal government and these people leaving in an environment where practically the
terrorism is installed only burning buses that we inside explosion
is threatening the lives of innocent stone public private estates
a fire on a bus touched a rifle butt and then the people of the armed forces
but those people who are there in article 144 of the constitution is not that the tst
income goes there and some find the press largely think that this
people have to get there with roses is not dropping kisses doing an action
to face terrorists never has to come to my understanding
logically has armed well equipped and they restore order as
reinstate by showing those outcasts that an insignificant minority
close to the population of that state that he is the authority and there in our project
of law of exclusion of illegality but we put there that if the side there is
hostile behavior he can get shot on this side present very clear
in the project he has a rifle if he is going to do what he expects the guy takes you to
take it out he sings with a rifle on a public road in jerry oh it's not a demonstration
manned and demonstration of people in copacabana he demonstrating is
at rodrigo de freitas lagoon dropping firecrackers
none of this is gl o has no junior is not worth our exclusive project of
illegality what we want is that in general it is worse
that everyone will know that that emergency transaction snap
the air force pension is going to speak and yes find for example someone with
a weapon ostensibly threatening victims with a gun to his head
the person can go there and take the nine that will be decorated doesn’t have to art that
taken from a non-lethal weapon is because he wasn’t going to kill the victim because
she was plastic will know what she calls class
then that element that carries the weapon take away as many security troops or have
tried against the life of innocents a side here or pension will already be able
that's it but nothing that has nothing abnormal and detail
it has to go through the chamber and in the Senate, if it doesn't, it didn't
now i understand how the pen is the line that signs the decree is not new york
it would be irresponsible of mine i sign junior will speak to humanity
for example the general commanding half a dozen colonels 10 captains 50 lieutenant 60
sergeants 2 thousand welded cables a problem happens
I will take care of my governor's life when it is true the
sergeant corporal captain alex and who had a 21 year old guy alice kill a
person was accused is but i didn't want to kill anyone but the element every day in the
our project if the guy is armed with net fire on the body, he doesn't have to catch the guy
get popular from cannon i'm sure if that project
approved was approved any junior signed half an hour later not only is it in
house will no longer be on the street will not be carrying a gun so
sensitive because our people are going to do their job this is what i'm
asking for nothing more than this is this to have passed on to the media that I want
contain demonstrations at the base of the bullet is not true is more misinformation by
part of the media sectors i'm sure the population supports this idea
after all we are tired in brazil
mother joana marginality that internalized by him but I think the population has already
tired of this mainstream media and the president already knows the mask has been off for a long time
of this great in me we have to which country has to pass will pass
by parliament if god wants because the staff but one thing is fair everything
the hotel budapest right
president I just want to thank you for the opportunity that your team is giving
to work for my country and we are going to change and stop that country with tourism
because we are the best country in the world for tourism and today with
this provisional measure that only signed we will not stop being the country of
tourism potential to be the country of the tourist reality make it very clear
because fairness is our first act it wasn’t he was touched to speak her name
ok so there was a person at the embratur it was February but it was April it wasn’t
but also but suddenly we learned that the next week it was
being and to be held a dinner here in brasilia
sponsoring with public money acts produce late 290 thousand two hundred and
ninety thousand reais with a dinner in brasília fits the person left
learn embratur and the grandparents and uncles came in here i just went to see the
your impressive resume I hired an accordion player just like my son
owner is the hamburger charter the ipad is now hitting but I didn't even want to
think the change numbers that we are changing
we are changing because the press in the past has changed three boys my friends
is this woman the fake nor the training place even change let me see that
was exchanged here exchanged annex to tourism and education
the drug even if what you just put into practice here the student ID
digital and and made a very successful cast now the enemy no one had issues
controversial baby we didn’t have a controversial issue in that weird thing, you know?
I am even ashamed to comment on the writing topics, some themes and
questions to do with 45 alternatives a terrible terrible thing you unlearn
next year's enemies will be even better because the database will be
now done by us in the database for the standards of the questions to be
on board 12 years of marriage josé married to maria palhoto waiting
of my face that disclosure so thanks guys until next week in
Thursday you want to meet her and fly back from bento gonçalves to
for today but I warn you a big thank you for the audience